And the last one you created this folder pipe here which allows us to filter our service for their state.
And it seems to work great.
We do have a certain issue with it though if we allow the user to add a news server and I will quickly
add this functionality by going to my template and by adding a line break and then a button with the
classis button and Button primary where I say at server which will execute new method on at server like
this and then yep component will quickly add this method on AD server and you're able to simply take
my servers push a news server on it.
And of course this will just be a generic server here which will have the instance type of let's say
as small a name of news server.
Let's keep it super simple here.
A status of stable and started could be new date.
And then the same date as all the other service here does is not the recording date.
As a side note just like how the way you want it.
So with this we are able to add a new server.
And if I now click on AD server you'll see it's getting added to your If I filter stay though and I
hit this button you don't see it getting added here but it is there you can see if I remove the folder
altogether.
So I had a couple of servers and now we can filter for them again but they weren't added whilst we had
this last filtered.
And this is actually not a bug allowed quickly reloaders and filter for stable against that.
You can see this if I hit enter here.
As mentioned it's not getting at that but it's there you can see as soon as we clear our filter.
Now the reason for this behavior is that angler is thankfully I should say not rerunning our pipe on
the data.
When ever does pay that changes.
So as soon as we change what we enter a year and even if we would only add a blank space and then remove
it we would update our pipe again as you can see.
So adding the input are to me changing the input of the pipe will trigger a recalculation read will
trigger the pipe being applied to the data again but changing the data won't trigger this.
And this is a good behavior because otherwise Engler would have to run this pipe or rerun the pipe when
ever any data on the page changes.
This would be really bad because that would cost a lot of performance.
And this is also the reason why no built in filter pipe exists because filtering you would say is pretty
pretty common task.
But the angler team decided against adding such a pipe because you typically have a high performance
cost.
If you want to enforce it being updated even if you are in filter mode.
So by default it doesn't work here but we can force it to work.
But again be aware that the following change will make sure that whenever we change data on the page
our pipe is really calculated you could say.
So this might lead to performance issues.
So you should know what you're doing which is why I'm really emphasizing this.
You can force this pipe to be updated whenever the data changes by adding a second property to the pipe
decorator.
It's called pure and you can set it to false by default.
This is true and doesn't need to be added.
Now if you do this and the reloads let's filter for stable service and add new service.
And now you see they get ads here too.
The reason simply is that the pipe now gets recalculated whenever data changes.
And as I mentioned before this can lead to performance issues but might be what you're interested in.
So it is fine to use it.
This is what is pure properties therefore you can set it to false which basically means does this not.
You could say purely focusing on Weber pipe arguments changed but now it will also be recalculated whenever
anything changes on the page.
And again this might be a bad behavior I'm just emphasizing this because it's so important to understand.
But if you know what you're doing if you do need this behavior.
Definitely go ahead.
Set up your two faults and you are good to go.
And with that we now get a working filter pipe.
We have this little downside of potentially hitting performance issues.
If we have a very long list here